# Adaptive Countermeasure based on Software-Defined Networking for Industrial Control Systems - Meeting notes for 18/11/2022

## Minutes
- This minute is created by [Santiago Figueroa](sfigueroa@ceit.es).
- Due to scheduling problems of the participants, the follow-up meeting did not take place. There has only been an exchange of emails with progress/problems.

## Closed issues and decisions
- The micro task related to the deployment of the access layer could not be completed, due to this [issue](https://github.com/sfl0r3nz05/OT-NWbasedOnGNS3/issues/1) reported by [Ziyao Wang](ziyao.wang@se19.qmul.ac.uk).
- [Santiago Figueroa](sfigueroa@ceit.es) uploaded images of distribution layer.
- [Santiago Figueroa](sfigueroa@ceit.es) documented how to use the uploaded image.
- [Ziyao Wang](ziyao.wang@se19.qmul.ac.uk) updated the configuration file after a nodification following the version control strategy.

## Open issues and questions

1. Network deployment following control version strategy:
	- [Ziyao Wang](ziyao.wang@se19.qmul.ac.uk), [Santiago Figueroa](sfigueroa@ceit.es) and [Mikel Dean](mdeanoses@ceit.es) troubleshoot access network [issue](https://github.com/sfl0r3nz05/OT-NWbasedOnGNS3/issues/1).
	- [Ziyao Wang](ziyao.wang@se19.qmul.ac.uk) starts to deploy the distribution layer.

## Discussion and proposals

## Special note
